we
folk avengers will not allow anyone and
never home invaders demand out after all
to return all silver dishes with
with a spoon
I now understand that then Sergey
Selyanov offered me
re-sounding apparently since
it was all drawn
and in 1 in the very first part of Alyosha Popovich
I did not manage to make mischief because
visibility, then again, I was done
re-sound received huge
pleasure but that moment at that
the moment I get upset the kingdom is not enough
there is nowhere to roam
but seryazh selyanov I promised and should
I kept my word and kept my word
worry further further
Syria will begin and you will be your hero
exist
then came the second part of the goodness
Nikitich third part where my hero is already
had almost the main role
this is ilya the Murom shamakhan queen
it 's just a completely new quality
love this romeo and here is the fifth
part here I agreed then 2004 and
Now I think with horror and if I said
that i'm busy i wouldn't have such
terrific
a character that I myself love already
feel me like already when night
to voice that is already just improvising
the character why agreed on need so
incredibly fun
create a hero puppet hero you
you invest but much more soul
than a living person
I remember red sochi
it came out to have fun
Ilya is slightly
removed
foreigner programs for now